Ifenprodil is an inhibitor of the NMDA receptor , specifically of GluN1 (glycine-binding NMDA receptor subunit 1) and GluN2B (glutamate-binding NMDA receptor subunit 2) subunits . Additionally , ifenprodil inhibits GIRK channels , and interacts with alpha1 adrenergic , serotonin , and sigma receptors .NMDA receptors are multimeric ionotropic glutamate receptors composed of four subunits . GluN1 is obligate for functional expression . Other subunits include GluN2A , GluN2B , and the more recently discovered GluN3 subunits . Ifenprodil selectively blocks NMDA receptors containing the GluN2B subunit .------inhibitor------inhibitor1
Rowland Frederick Hilder OBE (28 June 1905 – 21 April 1993) was an English marine and landscape artist and book illustrator . He was born in New York to Roland O and Kitty Hilder (née Fissenden) . Following the outbreak of World War 1 , Hilder's English father decided in 1915 to return to his native county of Kent England to enlist in the army .Hilder studied at Goldsmiths' College , in south London where he met botanical artist Edith Blenkiron (1903-1992) . They married and had two children . As a student with little money he cycled into Kent and discovered the Shoreham Valley in the North Downs where he was delighted to sketch the same barn drawn by the visionary painter Samuel Palmer in the 1820s . This interest in the countryside began a lifelong passion for drawing landscapes in both pencil and watercolour , initially of Kent , "The Garden of England" , and the Thames with its sailing vessels and old buildings .Hilder was commissioned by Oxford University Press to illustrate books . His decorative end papers and black and white drawings of "Treasure Island" in 1929 won him The Times illustrators award . In the 1930s he illustrated several books . In 1929 Hilder was commissioned by Shell Mex Ltd to illustrate "Then and Now" , a travel guide which started a long relationship with the company with posters sponsored by them . In 1953 when asked by the publisher George Rainbird to provide background landscapes to a series of wildflowers by another artist , Hilder showed him pictures of flowers by his wife Edith . Rainbird then commissioned them both to create the Shell "Flowers of the Countryside" series . Demand was so great that Shell set up an office to deal with correspondence and 13 million plates were published .He was also a cover artist for Radio Times .He has been called 'the Turner of his generation' , and according to the Dictionary of National Biography 'The description "Rowland Hilder country" (attached primarily to the weald of Kent) evokes a landscape as distinctive and personal as "Constable's country" along the Suffolk Stour .'He was an army Camouflage Officer during the Second World War and then became a mainstay of the Ministry of Information .Hilder served as President of the Royal Institute of Painters in Watercolours from 1964 to 1974 . He was awarded the OBE in 1986 .------artist,artist,artist,artist------company3,English marine2
Crassulacean acid metabolism , also known as CAM photosynthesis , is a carbon fixation pathway that evolved in some plants as an adaptation to arid conditions . In a plant using full CAM , the stomata in the leaves remain shut during the day to reduce evapotranspiration , but open at night to collect carbon dioxide (CO2) , and allow it to diffuse into the mesophyll cells . The CO2 is stored as the four-carbon acid malic acid in vacuoles at night , and then in the daytime , the malate is transported to chloroplasts where it is converted back to CO2 , which is then used during photosynthesis . The pre-collected CO2 is concentrated around the enzyme RuBisCO , increasing photosynthetic efficiency . This mechanism of acid metabolism was first discovered in plants of the family Crassulaceae .------adaptation------carbon fixation pathway2,malate2
Surya (; Sanskrit: सूर्य , IAST: Sūrya) is a Sanskrit word that means the Sun . Synonyms of Surya in ancient Indian literature include Aditya , Arka , Bhanu , Savitr , Pushan , Ravi , Martanda , Mitra , Bhaskara and Vivasvan .Surya also connotes the solar deity in Hinduism , particularly in the Saura tradition found in states such as Rajasthan , Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh , Bihar , Maharashtra , Uttar Pradesh , Jharkhand and Odisha . Surya is one of the five deities considered as equivalent aspects and means to realizing Brahman in the Smarta Tradition . Surya's iconography is often depicted riding a chariot harnessed by horses , often seven in number which represent the seven colours of visible light , and seven days in a week . In medieval Hinduism , Surya is also an epithet for the major Hindu gods Shiva , Brahma and Vishnu . In some ancient texts and arts , Surya is presented syncretically with Indra , Ganesha or others . Surya as a deity is also found in the arts and literature of Buddhism and Jainism .Surya is depicted with a Chakra which is also interpreted as Dharmachakra . O Surya (Sun) is the lord of Simha (Leo) , one of the twelve constellations in the zodiac system of Hindu astrology . Surya or Ravi is the basis of Ravivara , or Sunday , in the Hindu calendar . Major festivals and pilgrimages in reverence of Surya include Makar Sankranti , Pongal , Samba Dashami , Ratha Sapthami , Chath puja and Kumbh Mela .Having survived as a primary deity in Hinduism arguably better and longer than any other of the original Vedic deities apart from Vishnu , the worship of Surya declined greatly around the 13th century , perhaps as a result of the Muslim conquest of north India . O New Surya temples virtually ceased to be built , and some were later converted to a different dedication , generally Shiva . O A number of important Surya temples remain , but many are no longer in worship . In various respects , Surya has tended to be merged into Vishnu or Shiva , or seen as subsidiary to them .------word,deity,deity,deity------Sanskrit word2
Solomon Islands is a sovereign state consisting of six major islands and over 900 smaller islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of 28 ,400 square kilometres (11 ,000 sq mi) . The country has a population of 652 ,858 and its capital , Honiara , is located on the island of Guadalcanal . The country takes its name from the Solomon Islands archipelago , which is a collection of Melanesian islands that also includes the North Solomon Islands (a part of Papua New Guinea) , but excludes outlying islands , such as Rennell and Bellona , and the Santa Cruz Islands .------state,area,island------area1
High-dimensional data , meaning data that requires more than two or three dimensions to represent , can be O difficult to interpret . One approach to simplification is to assume that the data of interest lie on an embedded non-linear manifold within the higher-dimensional space . If the manifold is of low enough dimension , the data can be visualised in the low-dimensional space .------approach------data2
Indirect inference is a simulation-based method for estimating the parameters of economic models . It is a computational method for determining acceptable macroeconomic model parameters in circumstances where the available data is too voluminous or unsuitable for formal modeling .------method,method------method1,simulation-based method2
Tatsoi (Brassica rapa subsp . narinosa or Brassica rapa var . rosularis) is an Asian variety of Brassica rapa grown for greens . Also called tat choy , it is closely related to the more familiar Bok Choy . This plant has become popular in North American cuisine as well , and is now grown throughout the world .------variety------variety1
The Prince's Trust is a charity in the United Kingdom founded in 1976 by Charles , Prince of Wales to help vulnerable young people get their lives on track . It supports 11 to 30-year-olds who are unemployed and those struggling at school and at risk of exclusion . Many of the young people helped by The Trust are in or leaving care , facing issues such as homelessness or mental health problems , or have been in trouble with the law .------charity------charity1
The Make-A-Wish Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in the United States that helps fulfill the wishes of children with a critical illness between the ages of 2 1/2 and 18 years old .------nonprofit organization------nonprofit organization1
Asperger syndrome (AS) , also known as Asperger's , is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significant difficulties in social interaction and nonverbal communication , along with restricted and repetitive patterns of behavior and interests . It is an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) , but differs from other ASDs by relatively unimpaired language and intelligence . Although not required for diagnosis , physical clumsiness and unusual use of language are common . Signs usually begin before two years of age and typically last for a person's entire life .The exact cause of Asperger's is unknown . While it is largely inherited , the underlying genetics have not been determined conclusively . Environmental factors are also believed to play a role . Brain imaging has not identified a common underlying condition . In 2013 , the diagnosis of Asperger's was removed from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) , with the symptoms now included within the autism spectrum disorder along with autism and pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified (PDD-NOS) . It remains within the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11) as of 2019 as a subtype of autism spectrum disorder .There is no single treatment , and the effectiveness of particular interventions is supported by only limited data . Treatment is aimed at lowering obsessive or repetitive routines and improving communication skills and physical clumsiness . Interventions may include social skills training , cognitive behavioral therapy , physical therapy , speech therapy , parent training , and medications for associated problems , such as mood or anxiety . Most children improve as they grow up , but social and communication difficulties usually persist . Some researchers and people on the autism spectrum have advocated a shift in attitudes toward the view that autism spectrum disorder is a difference rather than a disease that must be treated or cured .In 2015 , Asperger's was estimated to affect 37 .2 million people globally (about 0 .5% of people) . Autism spectrum disorder is diagnosed in males more often than females , and females are typically diagnosed at a later age . The syndrome is named after the Austrian pediatrician Hans Asperger , who , in 1944 , described children in his care who struggled to form friendships , did not understand others' gestures or feelings , engaged in one-sided conversations about their favorite interests , and were clumsy . The modern conception of Asperger syndrome came into existence in 1981 and went through a period of popularization . It became a standardized diagnosis in the early 1990s . Many questions and controversies about the condition remain . There is doubt about whether it is distinct from high-functioning autism (HFA) . Partly because of this , the percentage of people affected is not firmly established .------syndrome,neurodevelopmental disorder,autism spectrum disorder,diagnosis,condition,diagnosis,autism spectrum disorder,autism,pervasive developmental disorder,Classification,autism spectrum disorder,autism spectrum,autism spectrum disorder,Autism spectrum disorder,syndrome,form,syndrome,diagnosis,condition,high-functioning autism------neurodevelopmental disorder1
Epinions .com was a general consumer review site established in 1999 . Epinions was acquired in 2003 by DealTime , later Shopping .com , which was acquired by eBay in 2005 . Epinions users could access reviews about a variety of items . On 25 March 2014 , all community features , and features for submitting and editing reviews , were disabled . O Subsequently , in May 2018 , the site was fully closed down , and URLs in the epinions .com domain redirect to Shopping .com .------review site,site------site1
Happy Wheels is a ragdoll physics-based platform browser game developed and published by American studio Fancy Force . Created by video game designer Jim Bonacci in 2010 , the game features several player characters , who use different , sometimes atypical , vehicles to traverse the game's many levels . The game is best known for its graphic violence and the amount of user-generated content its players produce on a regular basis , with game maps shared on a public server .------game,game,game,game,game------game1
Alabama () is a state in the southeastern region of the United States . It is bordered by Tennessee to the north , Georgia to the east , Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south , and Mississippi to the west . Alabama is the 30th largest by area and the 24th-most populous of the U .S . states . With a total of 1 ,500 miles (2 ,400 km) of inland waterways , Alabama has among the most of any state .Alabama is nicknamed the Yellowhammer State , after the state bird . Alabama is also known as the "Heart of Dixie" and the "Cotton State" . The state tree is the longleaf pine , and the state flower is the camellia . Alabama's capital is Montgomery . The largest city by population is Birmingham , which has long been the most industrialized city; the largest city by land area is Huntsville . The oldest city is Mobile , founded by French colonists in 1702 as the capital of French Louisiana . Greater Birmingham is Alabama's largest urban economy , its most populous urban area , and its economic center .From the American Civil War until World War II , Alabama , like many states in the southern U .S . , suffered economic hardship , in part because of its continued dependence on agriculture . Similar to other former slave states , Alabamian legislators employed Jim Crow laws to disenfranchise and otherwise discriminate against African Americans from the end of the Reconstruction Era up until at least the 1970s . Despite the growth of major industries and urban centers , white rural interests dominated the state legislature from 1901 to the 1960s . During this time , urban interests and African Americans were markedly under-represented . Following World War II , Alabama grew as the state's economy changed from one primarily based on agriculture to one with diversified interests . The state's economy in the 21st century is based on management , automotive , finance , manufacturing , aerospace , mineral extraction , healthcare , education , retail , and technology .------area,city,city,area,city,area------state2,city1,area1
MPEG-2 (a .k .a . H .222/H .262 as defined by the ITU) is a standard for "the generic coding of moving pictures and associated audio information" . It describes a combination of lossy video compression and lossy audio data compression methods , which permit storage and transmission of movies using currently available storage media and transmission bandwidth . While MPEG-2 is not as efficient as newer standards such as H .264/AVC and H .265/HEVC , backwards compatibility with existing hardware and software means it is still widely used , for example in over-the-air digital television broadcasting and in the DVD-Video standard .------standard,video compression,compression,standard------standard1
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine supersonic multirole fighter aircraft originally developed by General Dynamics for the United States Air Force (USAF) . O Designed as an air superiority day fighter , it evolved into a successful all-weather multirole aircraft . O Over 4 ,600 aircraft have been built since production was approved in 1976 . Although no longer being purchased by the U .S . Air Force , improved versions are being built for export customers . In 1993 , General Dynamics sold its aircraft manufacturing business to the Lockheed Corporation , which in turn became part of Lockheed Martin after a 1995 merger with Martin Marietta .The Fighting Falcon's key features include a frameless bubble canopy for better visibility , side-mounted control stick to ease control while maneuvering , an ejection seat reclined 30 degrees from vertical to reduce the effect of g-forces on the pilot , and the first use of a relaxed static stability/fly-by-wire flight control system which helps to make it an agile aircraft . The F-16 has an internal M61 Vulcan cannon and 11 locations for mounting weapons and other mission equipment . The F-16's official name is "Fighting Falcon" , but "Viper" is commonly used by its pilots and crews , due to a perceived resemblance to a viper snake as well as the Colonial Viper starfighter on Battlestar Galactica which aired at the time the F-16 entered service .In addition to active duty in the U .S . Air Force , Air Force Reserve Command , and Air National Guard units , the aircraft is also used by the USAF aerial demonstration team , the U .S . Air Force Thunderbirds , and as an adversary/aggressor aircraft by the United States Navy . The F-16 has also been procured to serve in the air forces of 25 other nations . As of 2015 , it is the world's most numerous fixed-wing aircraft in military service .------fighter aircraft,fighter,aircraft,aircraft,aircraft,aircraft,aircraft,aircraft,aircraft------single-engine supersonic2
In software , a spell checker (or spell check) is a software feature that checks for misspellings in a text . Spell-checking features are often embedded in software or services , such as a word processor , email client , electronic dictionary , or search engine .------feature------software feature2
Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) , also called somatomedin C , is a hormone similar in molecular structure to insulin which plays an important role in childhood growth , and has anabolic effects in adults .------growth factor,hormone,growth------hormone similar2
G .729 is a royalty-free narrow-band vocoder-based audio data compression algorithm using a frame length of 10 milliseconds . It is officially described as Coding of speech at 8 kbit/s using code-excited linear prediction speech coding (CS-ACELP) , and was introduced in 1996 . The wide-band extension of G .729 is called G .729 .1 , which equals G .729 Annex J . O------algorithm------royalty-free narrow-band2
The Bar-Kays are an American soul , R&B , and funk group formed in 1966 . The group had dozens of charting singles from the 1960s to the 1980s , including "Soul Finger" (US Billboard Hot 100 number 17 , R&B number 3) in 1967 , "Son of Shaft" (R&B number 10) in 1972 , and "Boogie Body Land" (R&B number 7) in 1980 .------group,group------group1
Battle of the Bands is a music contest and music competition in which two or more bands compete for the title of "best band" . The winner is determined by a voice vote of the audience or the band who brings the most people to support them . Traditionally , battles of bands are held at live music events and forums . Popular examples include the yearly Live and Unsigned contest in the United Kingdom and the annual SoundWave Music Competition .------music contest,music competition,music,contest,Music Competition------music contest1,music1
Team roping also known as heading and heeling is a rodeo event that features a steer (typically a Corriente) and two mounted riders . The first roper is referred to as the "header" , the person who ropes the front of the steer , usually around the horns , but it is also legal for the rope to go around the neck , or go around one horn and the nose resulting in what they call a "half head" . Once the steer is caught by one of the three legal head catches , the header must dally (wrap the rope around the rubber covered saddle horn) and use his horse to turn the steer to the left . O------roping,rodeo event------rodeo event1
The UEFA Champions League (abbreviated as UCL) is an annual club football competition organised by the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) and contested by top-division European clubs , deciding the competition winners through a group and knockout format . It is one of the most prestigious football tournaments in the world and the most prestigious club competition in European football , played by the national league champions (and , for some nations , one or more runners-up) of their national associations .------League,club,competition,competition,club competition,league------annual club football2
The hoary bat (Aeorestes cinereus) is a species of bat in the vesper bat family , Vespertilionidae . It lives throughout most of North America and much of South America , with disjunct populations in the Galápagos Islands and Hawaii .------species------species1
The American marten or American pine marten (Martes americana) is a species of North American mammal , a member of the family Mustelidae . The species is sometimes referred to as simply the pine marten . The name "pine marten" is derived from the common name of the distinct Eurasian species Martes martes . The American marten differs from the fisher (Pekania pennanti) in that it is smaller in size and lighter in color .------species,species,species------species1
The European eel (Anguilla anguilla) is a species of eel , a snake-like , catadromous fish . They are normally around 60–80 cm (2 .0–2 .6 ft) and rarely reach more than 1 m (3 ft 3 in) , but can reach a length of up to 1 .5 m (4 ft 11 in) in exceptional cases . O------species------species1
The roan antelope (Hippotragus equinus) is a savanna antelope found in West and Central Africa . It is the namesake of the Chevaline project , whose name was taken from the French Antilope Chevaline .Roan antelope are one of the largest species of antelopes; only elands , bongos and large male greater kudus can exceed them in weight . They measure 190–240 cm (75–94 in) from the head to the base of tail and the tail measures 37–48 cm (15–19 in) . The body mass of males is 242–300 kg (534–661 lb) and of females is 223–280 kg (492–617 lb) . The shoulder of this species is typically around 130–140 cm (51–55 in) . Named for their roan colour (a reddish brown) , they have lighter underbellies , white eyebrows and cheeks and black faces , lighter in females . They have short , erect manes , very light beards and prominent red nostrils . The horns are ringed and can reach a metre long in males , slightly shorter in females . They arch backwards slightly .------antelope,antelope,antelope,species,species------name3,savanna antelope2
The western pond turtle (Actinemys marmorata) , also known commonly as the Pacific pond turtle is a species of small to medium-sized turtle in the family Emydidae . The species is endemic to the western coast of the United States and Mexico , ranging from western Washington state to northern Baja California . It was formerly found in Canada , but in May 2002 , the Canadian Species at Risk Act listed the Pacific pond turtle as being extirpated .------turtle,turtle,species,turtle,species,Species,turtle------species1
The Pacific cod , Gadus macrocephalus , is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Gadidae . It is a bottom-dwelling fish found in the northern Pacific Ocean , mainly on the continental shelf and upper slopes , to depths of about 900 m (3 ,000 ft) . It can grow to a length of a meter or so and is found in large schools . It is an important commercial food species and is also known as gray cod or grey cod , and grayfish or greyfish . Fishing for this species is regulated with quotas being allotted for hook and line fishing , pots , and bottom trawls .------species,fish,fish,species,species------bottom-dwelling fish2,species1,fish1
The crucian carp (Carassius carassius) is a medium-sized member of the common carp family Cyprinidae . It occurs widely in northern European regions .------carp,carp------medium-sized2
The curlew sandpiper (Calidris ferruginea) is a small wader that breeds on the tundra of Arctic Siberia . The genus name is from Ancient Greek kalidris or skalidris , a term used by Aristotle for some grey-coloured waterside birds . The specific ferruginea is from Latin ferrugo , ferruginis , "iron rust" referring to its colour in breeding plumage .It is strongly migratory , wintering mainly in Africa , but also in south and southeast Asia and in Australia and New Zealand . It is a vagrant to North America .------wader------wader1
The pronghorn (UK: O , US: ) (Antilocapra americana) is a species of artiodactyl (even-toed , hoofed) mammal indigenous to interior western and central North America . Though not an antelope , it is often known colloquially in North America as the American antelope , prong buck , pronghorn antelope , prairie antelope , or simply antelope because it closely resembles the true antelopes of the Old World and fills a similar ecological niche due to parallel evolution . It is the only surviving member of the family Antilocapridae .During the Pleistocene epoch , about 12 antilocaprid species existed in North America . Three other genera O (Capromeryx , Stockoceros and Tetrameryx) existed when humans entered North America but are now extinct .------species,mammal,species------species1
The Mauritius kestrel (Falco punctatus) is a bird of prey from the family Falconidae endemic to the forests of Mauritius , where it is restricted to the southwestern plateau's forests , cliffs , and ravines . O------bird------bird1
The naked mole-rat (Heterocephalus glaber) , also known as the sand puppy , is a burrowing rodent native to parts of East Africa . It is closely related to the blesmols and is the only species in the genus Heterocephalus of the family Heterocephalidae . The naked mole-rat and the Damaraland mole-rat (Fukomys damarensis) are the only known eusocial mammals , the highest classification of sociality . It has a highly unusual set of physical traits that allow it to thrive in a harsh underground environment and is the only mammalian thermoconformer , almost entirely ectothermic (cold-blooded) in how it regulates body temperature .The naked mole-rat lacks pain sensitivity in its skin , and has very low metabolic and respiratory rates . While formerly considered to belong to the same family as other African mole-rats , Bathyergidae , more recent investigation places it in a separate family , Heterocephalidae . The naked mole-rat is also remarkable for its longevity and its resistance to cancer and oxygen deprivation .------rodent,blesmols,species------burrowing rodent2
Rubus idaeus (raspberry , also called red raspberry or occasionally European red raspberry to distinguish it from other raspberry species) is a red-fruited species of Rubus native to Europe and northern Asia and commonly cultivated in other temperate regions .------species------red-fruited2
Ornithology is a branch of zoology that concerns the "methodological study and consequent knowledge of birds with all that relates to them" . Several aspects of ornithology differ from related disciplines , due partly to the high visibility and the aesthetic appeal of birds . It has also been an area with a large contribution made by amateurs in terms of time , resources , and financial support . Studies on birds have helped develop key concepts in biology including evolution , behaviour and ecology such as the definition of species , the process of speciation , instinct , learning , ecological niches , guilds , island biogeography , phylogeography , and conservation . While early ornithology was principally concerned with descriptions and distributions of species , ornithologists today seek answers to very specific questions , often using birds as models to test hypotheses or predictions based on theories . Most modern biological theories apply across life forms , and the number of scientists who identify themselves as "ornithologists" has therefore declined . A wide range of tools and techniques are used in ornithology , both inside the laboratory and out in the field , and innovations are constantly made .------study,area------branch3,area1
Bodyboarding is a water sport in which the surfer rides a bodyboard on the crest , face , and curl of a wave which is carrying the surfer towards the shore . Bodyboarding is also referred to as Boogieboarding due to the invention of the "Boogie Board" by Tom Morey . The average bodyboard consists of a short , rectangular piece of hydrodynamic foam . Bodyboarders typically use swim fins for additional propulsion and control while riding a breaking wave .------water sport------water sport1
Telemarketing (sometimes known as inside sales , or telesales in the UK and Ireland) is a method of direct marketing in which a salesperson solicits prospective customers to buy products or services , either over the phone or through a subsequent face to face or web conferencing appointment scheduled during the call . Telemarketing can also include recorded sales pitches programmed to be played over the phone via automatic dialing .------method,marketing------method1
Hiking is a long , vigorous walk , usually on trails or footpaths in the countryside . "Hiking" is the preferred term in Canada and the United States; the term "walking" is used in these regions for shorter , particularly urban walks . In the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland , the word "walking" describes all forms of walking , whether it is a walk in the park or backpacking in the Alps . The word hiking is also often used in the UK , along with rambling (a slightly old-fashioned term) , hillwalking , and fell walking (a term mostly used for hillwalking in northern England) . The term bushwalking is endemic to Australia , having been adopted by the Sydney Bush Walkers club in 1927 . In New Zealand a long , vigorous walk or hike is called tramping . It is a popular activity with numerous hiking organizations worldwide , and studies suggest that all forms of walking have health benefits .------activity------activity1,word2
VMware Workstation Player , formerly VMware Player , is a virtualization software package for x64 computers running Microsoft Windows or Linux , supplied free of charge by VMware , Inc . , a company which was formerly a division of , and whose majority shareholder remains , Dell EMC . VMware Player can run existing virtual appliances and create its own virtual machines (which require that an operating system be installed to be functional) . It uses the same virtualization core as VMware Workstation , a similar program with more features , which is not free of charge . VMware Player is available for personal non-commercial use , or for distribution or other use by written agreement . VMware , Inc . does not formally support Player , but there is an active community website for discussing and resolving issues , as well as a knowledge base .The free VMware Player was distinct from VMware Workstation until Player v7 , Workstation v11 . In 2015 the two packages were combined as VMware Workstation 12 , with a free for non-commercial use Player version which , on purchase of a license code , became the higher-specification VMware Workstation Pro .------virtualization software,virtualization,program------software2
In genetics and developmental biology , somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT) is a laboratory strategy for creating a viable embryo from a body cell and an egg cell . The technique consists of taking an enucleated oocyte (egg cell) and implanting a donor nucleus from a somatic (body) cell . It is used in both therapeutic and reproductive cloning . In 1996 , Dolly the sheep became famous for being the first successful case of the reproductive cloning of a mammal . In January 2018 , a team of scientists in Shanghai announced the successful cloning of two female crab-eating macaques (named Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua) from fetal nuclei ."Therapeutic cloning" refers to the potential use of SCNT in regenerative medicine; this approach has been championed as an answer to the many issues concerning embryonic stem cells (ESCs) and the destruction of viable embryos for medical use , though questions remain on how homologous the two cell types truly are .------strategy,technique,approach------cell2,laboratory3
Fluorescence spectroscopy (also known as fluorimetry or spectrofluorometry) is a type of electromagnetic spectroscopy that analyzes fluorescence from a sample . It involves using a beam of light , usually ultraviolet light , that excites the electrons in molecules of certain compounds and causes them to emit light; typically , but not necessarily , visible light . A complementary technique is absorption spectroscopy . In the special case of single molecule fluorescence spectroscopy , intensity fluctuations from the emitted light are measured from either single fluorophores , or pairs of fluorophores .------technique------electromagnetic spectroscopy2
Abrasive blasting , more commonly known as sandblasting , is the operation of forcibly propelling a stream of abrasive material against a surface under high pressure to smooth a rough surface , roughen a smooth surface , shape a surface or remove surface contaminants . A pressurised fluid , typically compressed air , or a centrifugal wheel is used to propel the blasting material (often called the media) . The first abrasive blasting process was patented by Benjamin Chew Tilghman on 18 October 1870 .There are several variants of the process , using various media; some are highly abrasive , whereas others are milder . The most abrasive are shot blasting (with metal shot) and sandblasting (with sand) . Moderately abrasive variants include glass bead blasting (with glass beads) and plastic media blasting (PMB) with ground-up plastic stock or walnut shells and corncobs . O Some of these substances can cause anaphylactic shock to individuals allergic to the media . A mild version is sodablasting (with baking soda) . In addition , there are alternatives that are barely abrasive or nonabrasive , such as ice blasting and dry-ice blasting .------Abrasive blasting,operation,abrasive,blasting,abrasive blasting process,process,abrasive,abrasive,blasting,abrasive,blasting,blasting,abrasive,blasting,blasting------process1
In statistics , principal component regression (PCR) is a regression analysis technique that is based on principal component analysis (PCA) . More specifically , PCR is used for estimating the unknown regression coefficients in a standard linear regression model .------regression,regression,technique,regression,linear regression------analysis technique2
A sports complex is a group of sports facilities . O For example , there are track and field stadiums , football stadiums , baseball stadiums , swimming pools , and Indoor arenas . This area is a sports complex , for fitness . O Olympic Park is also a kind of Entertainment complex .------area,Park------area1
Depression is a state of low mood and aversion to activity . It can affect a person's thoughts , behavior , motivation , feelings , and sense of well-being . It may feature sadness , difficulty in thinking and concentration and a significant increase or decrease in appetite and time spent sleeping . People experiencing depression may have feelings of dejection , hopelessness and , sometimes , suicidal thoughts . It can either be short term or long term . The core symptom of depression is said to be anhedonia , which refers to loss of interest or a loss of feeling of pleasure in certain activities that usually bring joy to people . Depressed mood is a symptom of some mood disorders such as major depressive disorder or dysthymia; it is a normal temporary reaction to life events , such as the loss of a loved one; and it is also a symptom of some physical diseases and a side effect of some drugs and medical treatments .------symptom,symptom,symptom------state2
Real estate appraisal , property valuation or land valuation is the process of developing an opinion of value , for real property (usually market value) . Real estate transactions often require appraisals because they occur infrequently and every property is unique (especially their condition , a key factor in valuation) , unlike corporate stocks , which are traded daily and are identical (thus a centralized Walrasian auction like a stock exchange is unrealistic) . The location also plays a key role in valuation . However , since property cannot change location , it is often the upgrades or improvements to the home that can change its value . Appraisal reports form the basis for mortgage loans , settling estates and divorces , taxation , and so on . Sometimes an appraisal report is used to establish a sale price for a property .------factor------process2
Perceptual mapping / Market mapping is a diagrammatic technique used by asset marketers that attempts to visually display the perceptions of customers or potential customers . The positioning of a brand is influenced by customer perceptions rather than by those of businesses . For example , a business may feel it sells upmarket products of high quality , but if customers view the products as low quality , it is their views which will influence sales . Typically the position of a company's product , product line , or brand is displayed relative to their competition . Perceptual maps , also known as market maps , usually have two dimensions but can be multi-dimensional; they can be used to identify gaps in the market and potential partners or merger targets as well as to clarify perceptual problems with a company's product . So , if a business wants to find out where its brand is positioned in the market , it might carry out market research . This will help them to find out how the customers sees their brand in relation to others in the market .------technique------brand3,diagrammatic technique2
In computer science , loop fission (or loop distribution) is a compiler optimization in which a loop is broken into multiple loops over the same index range with each taking only a part of the original loop's body . The goal is to break down a large loop body into smaller ones to achieve better utilization of locality of reference . This optimization is most efficient in multi-core processors that can split a task into multiple tasks for each processor .------compiler optimization,optimization------compiler2
Fine-needle aspiration (FNA) is a diagnostic procedure used to investigate lumps or masses . In this technique , a thin (23–25 gauge (0 .52 to 0 .64 mm outer diameter)) , hollow needle is inserted into the mass for sampling of cells that , after being stained , are examined under a microscope (biopsy) . The sampling and biopsy considered together are called fine-needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) or fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) (the latter to emphasize that any aspiration biopsy involves cytopathology , not histopathology) . Fine-needle aspiration biopsies are very safe minor surgical procedures . Often , a major surgical (excisional or open) biopsy can be avoided by performing a needle aspiration biopsy instead , eliminating the need for hospitalization . In 1981 , the first fine-needle aspiration biopsy in the United States was done at Maimonides Medical Center . Today , this procedure is widely used in the diagnosis of cancer and inflammatory conditions .------procedure,procedure------diagnostic procedure2
Sanger sequencing is a method of DNA sequencing based on the selective incorporation of chain-terminating dideoxynucleotides by DNA polymerase during in vitro DNA replication . After first being developed by Frederick Sanger and colleagues in 1977 , it became the most widely used sequencing method for approximately 40 years . It was first commercialized by Applied Biosystems in 1986 . More recently , higher volume Sanger sequencing has been replaced by "Next-Gen" sequencing methods , especially for large-scale , automated genome analyses . However , the Sanger method remains in wide use , for smaller-scale projects , and for validation of Next-Gen results . It still has the advantage over short-read sequencing technologies (like Illumina) in that it can produce DNA sequence reads of > 500 nucleotides .------sequencing,method,sequencing,sequencing method,sequencing,sequencing,method,sequencing------method1
Metacritic is a website that aggregates reviews of films , TV shows , music albums , video games and formerly , books . For each product , the scores from each review are averaged O (a weighted average) . Metacritic was created by Jason Dietz , Marc Doyle , and Julie Doyle Roberts in 1999 . The site provides an excerpt from each review and hyperlinks to its source . A color of green , yellow or red summarizes the critics' recommendations . It is regarded as the foremost online review aggregation site for the video game industry .Metacritic's scoring converts each review into a percentage , either mathematically from the mark given , or what the site decides subjectively from a qualitative review . O Before being averaged , the scores are weighted according to the critic's fame , stature , and volume of reviews . The website won two Webby Awards for excellence as an aggregation website . Criticism has focused on the assessment system , the assignment of scores to reviews that do not include ratings , alleged third-party attempts to influence the scores , and lack of staff oversight of user reviews .------website,review,site,review,review aggregation site,review,site,review,website,aggregation website------website1,video game3
The name Robert is an ancient Germanic given name , from Proto-Germanic *Hrōþi- "fame" and *berhta- "bright" (Hrōþiberhtaz) . Compare Old Dutch Robrecht and Old High German Hrodebert (a compound of Hruod (Old Norse: Hróðr) "fame , glory , honour , renown" and berht "bright , shining") . It is the second most frequently used given name of ancient Germanic origin . It is also in use as a surname .------name,name,name------name1
OnLive was a Mountain View , California-based provider of cloud virtualization technologies . OnLive's flagship product was its cloud gaming service , which allowed subscribers to rent or demo computer games without installing them on their device . Games were delivered to OnLive's client software as streaming video rendered by the service's servers , rather than rendered locally by the device . This setup allowed the games to run on computers and devices that would normally be unable to run them due to insufficient hardware , and also enabled other features , such as the ability for players to record gameplay and to spectate . The service was available through clients for personal computers and mobile devices , as well as through smart TVs and a dedicated video game console-styled device known as the OnLive Game System . OnLive also expanded into the cloud desktop market with a sister product , OnLive Desktop—a subscription service offering a cloud-based instance of Windows Server 2008 R2 accessible via tablets .------service,service,service------service1,video game3
Graphic design is the process of visual communication and problem-solving through the use of typography , photography , iconography and illustration . The field is considered a subset of visual communication and communication design , but sometimes the term "graphic design" is used synonymously . Graphic designers create and combine symbols , images and text to form visual representations of ideas and messages .------field------process2
Executive search (informally called headhunting) is a specialized recruitment service which organizations pay to seek out and recruit highly qualified candidates for senior-level and executive jobs across the public and private sectors , as well as not-for-profit organizations (e .g . , President , Vice-president , CEO , and non-executive-directors (NEDs)) . Headhunters may also seek out and recruit other highly specialized and/or skilled positions in organizations for which there is strong competition in the job market for the top talent , such as senior data analysts or computer programmers .------service,market------recruitment service2
Intelligent code completion is a context-aware code completion feature in some programming environments that speeds up the process of coding applications by reducing O typos and other common mistakes . Attempts to do this are usually done through auto completion popups when typing , querying parameters of functions , query hints related to syntax errors , etc . Intelligent code completion and related tools serve as documentation and disambiguation for variable names , functions and methods using reflection .Intelligent code completion appears in many program environments , example implementations being Atom's autocomplete + and Visual Studio's IntelliSense . The term was originally popularized as "picklist" and some implementations still refer to it as such .------feature------context-aware code2
Window film is a thin laminate film that can be installed to the interior or exterior of glass surfaces in automobiles and boats and also to the interior or exterior of glass in homes and buildings . It is usually made from polyethylene terephthalate (PET) , a thermoplastic polymer resin of the polyester family , due to its clarity , tensile strength , dimensional stability , and ability to accept a variety of surface-applied or embedded treatments .------Window------laminate film2,film2
sRGB (standard Red Green Blue) is an RGB color space that HP and Microsoft created cooperatively in 1996 to use on monitors , printers , and the Web . It was subsequently standardized by the IEC as IEC 61966-2-1:1999 . It is often the "default" color space for images that contain no color space information , especially if the images' pixels are stored in 8-bit integers per color channel .------RGB color space,color space,color space,color------RGB color space1
Local binary patterns (LBP) is a type of visual descriptor used for classification in computer vision . LBP is the particular case of the Texture Spectrum model proposed in 1990 . LBP was first described in 1994 . It has since been found to be a powerful feature for texture classification; it has further been determined that when LBP is combined with the Histogram of oriented gradients (HOG) descriptor , it improves the detection performance considerably on some datasets . A comparison of several improvements of the original LBP in the field of background subtraction was made in 2015 by Silva et al . A full survey of the different versions of LBP can be found in Bouwmans et al .------feature------descriptor used3
Superdrug Stores plc (trading as Superdrug) is a health and beauty retailer in the United Kingdom , and the second largest behind Boots UK . The company has been a subsidiary of A .S . Watson Group since October 2002 , itself part of the Hong Kong conglomerate CK Hutchison Holdings .------retailer,company------company1
Wirecard AG is an insolvent German payment processor and financial services provider , whose former CEO , COO , two board members , and other executives have been arrested or otherwise implicated in criminal proceedings . The company offered electronic payment transaction services , risk management , and issued and processed physical and virtual cards . As of 2017 , the company was listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , and was a part of the DAX stock index from September 2018 to August 2020 .------company,company------company1
Autoliv Inc . is an American-Swedish automotive safety supplier with sales to all leading car manufacturers worldwide . O Together with its joint ventures , Autoliv has over 67 ,000 employees in 27 countries , of whom 5700 are involved in research , development and engineering . In addition , the company has 14 technical centers around the world , including 19 test tracks , more than any other automotive safety supplier . O------supplier,company,supplier------safety supplier2,company1
Caltex is a petroleum brand name of Chevron Corporation used in 29 countries in the Asia-Pacific region , the Middle East , and Southern Africa .------brand name------brand name1
IQVIA , formerly Quintiles and IMS Health , Inc . , is an American multinational company serving the combined industries of health information technology and clinical research . It is a provider of biopharmaceutical development and commercial outsourcing services , focused primarily on Phase I-IV clinical trials and associated laboratory and analytical services , including consulting services . It has a network of more than 58 ,000 employees in more than 100 countries . As of 2019 , IQVIA was reported to be one of the world's largest contract research organizations .------multinational company------multinational company1
Matrox is a producer of video card components and equipment for personal computers and workstations . Based in Dorval , Quebec , Canada , it was founded in 1976 by Lorne Trottier and Branko Matić . The name is derived from "Ma" in Matić and "Tro" in Trottier .------video card------producer2
Raymond O is a male given name . It was borrowed into English from French (older French spellings were Reimund and Raimund , whereas the modern English and French spellings are identical) . It originated as the Germanic Raginmund or Reginmund . O Ragin (Old German) and regin (Gothic) meant "counsel" . O The Old High German mund originally meant "hand" , but came to mean "protection" . This etymology suggests that the name originated in the Early Middle Ages , possibly from Latin .------name,name------name1
Vodafone Group plc () is a British multinational telecommunications company . Its registered office is located in Newbury , Berkshire , England and its global headquarters is based in London , England . It predominantly operates services in the regions of Asia , Africa , Europe , and Oceania . Among mobile operator groups globally , Vodafone ranked fourth (behind China Mobile , Bharti Airtel and Vodafone Idea , of which the Group owns a 45% stake) in the number of mobile customers (313 million) as of 2018 .As of 2020 , Vodafone owned and operated networks in 24 countries , and had partner networks in 41 further countries . Its Vodafone Global Enterprise division provides telecommunications and IT services to corporate clients in 150 countries .Vodafone has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index . It had a market capitalisation of approximately £52 .5 billion as of 10 February 2016 , the eighth-largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange . The company has a secondary listing on Nasdaq .------multinational,company,mobile operator,Mobile,mobile,company,company------multinational3,company1
Bang & Olufsen (B&O) (stylized as BANG & OLUFSEN) is a high end luxury Danish consumer electronics company that designs and manufactures audio products , television sets , and telephones . It was founded in 1925 by Peter Bang and Svend Olufsen , who designed a radio to work with alternating current , a product of significance at a time when most radios were still running on batteries .------company,product------end3,company1
Petro-Canada is a retail and wholesale marketing brand subsidiary of Suncor Energy . Until 1991 , it was a crown corporation of Canada (a state-owned enterprise . In August 2009 , Petro-Canada merged with Suncor Energy , with Suncor shareholders receiving approximately 60 percent ownership of the combined company and Petro-Canada shareholders receiving approximately 40 percent . The company retained the Suncor Energy name for the merged corporation and its upstream operations . It continues to use the Petro-Canada brand nationwide , except in Newfoundland and Labrador , for downstream retail operations .------brand,crown corporation,company,company,corporation,brand------brand1,corporation1,company1
The Abolition of Man is a 1943 book by C . S . Lewis . Subtitled "Reflections on education with special reference to the teaching of English in the upper forms of schools ," it uses that as a starting point for a defense of objective value and natural law as well as a warning of the consequences of doing away with or "debunking" those things . It defends science as something worth pursuing but criticizes using it to debunk values , the value of science itself being among them , or defining it to exclude such values . The book was first delivered as a series of three evening lectures at King's College , Newcastle , part of the University of Durham , as the Riddell Memorial Lectures on February 24 to 26 , 1943 .------book,book------book1
Australia Post , formally the Australian Postal Corporation , is the government business enterprise that provides postal services in Australia . The head office of Australia Post is located in Bourke Street , Melbourne , which also serves as a post office . O------business------office3